# Changes to support package build system
debian/version.patch
debian/uname-version-timestamp.patch
debian/kernelvariables.patch
debian/gitignore.patch
debian/mips-disable-werror.patch
debian/arch-sh4-fix-uimage-build.patch
debian/powerpcspe-omit-uimage.patch
features/all/Kbuild-kconfig-Verbose-version-of-listnewconfig.patch
debian/modpost-symbol-prefix.patch
debian/tools-perf-version.patch
debian/tools-perf-install.patch

# Fixes/improvements to firmware loading
features/all/drivers-media-dvb-usb-af9005-request_firmware.patch
debian/iwlwifi-do-not-request-unreleased-firmware.patch
bugfix/all/firmware_class-log-every-success-and-failure.patch
bugfix/all/firmware-remove-redundant-log-messages-from-drivers.patch
bugfix/all/radeon-firmware-is-required-for-drm-and-kms-on-r600-onward.patch

# Patches from aufs4 repository, imported with
# debian/patches/features/all/aufs4/gen-patch.  These are only the
# changes needed to allow aufs to be built out-of-tree.
features/all/aufs4/aufs4-base.patch
features/all/aufs4/aufs4-mmap.patch
features/all/aufs4/aufs4-standalone.patch

# Change some defaults for security reasons
debian/af_802154-Disable-auto-loading-as-mitigation-against.patch
debian/rds-Disable-auto-loading-as-mitigation-against-local.patch
debian/decnet-Disable-auto-loading-as-mitigation-against-lo.patch
debian/dccp-disable-auto-loading-as-mitigation-against-local-exploits.patch
debian/fs-enable-link-security-restrictions-by-default.patch

# Set various features runtime-disabled by default
debian/sched-autogroup-disabled.patch
debian/yama-disable-by-default.patch
debian/add-sysctl-to-disallow-unprivileged-CLONE_NEWUSER-by-default.patch
features/all/security-perf-allow-further-restriction-of-perf_event_open.patch

# Disable autoloading/probing of various drivers by default
debian/cdc_ncm-cdc_mbim-use-ncm-by-default.patch
debian/snd-pcsp-disable-autoload.patch
bugfix/x86/viafb-autoload-on-olpc-xo1.5-only.patch
debian/fjes-disable-autoload.patch

# Taint if dangerous features are used
debian/fanotify-taint-on-use-of-fanotify_access_permissions.patch
debian/btrfs-warn-about-raid5-6-being-experimental-at-mount.patch

# Reduce noise for bug #852324
debian/amd64-don-t-warn-about-expected-w+x-pages-on-xen.patch

# Arch bug fixes
bugfix/arm/arm-dts-kirkwood-fix-sata-pinmux-ing-for-ts419.patch
features/all/firmware-dmi-add-dmi_product_family-identification-s.patch
bugfix/x86/pinctrl-cherryview-extend-the-chromebook-dmi-quirk-t.patch
bugfix/x86/platform-x86-ideapad-laptop-add-y700-15-acz-to-no_hw.patch
bugfix/x86/platform-x86-ideapad-laptop-add-ideapad-310-15ikb-to.patch
bugfix/x86/platform-x86-ideapad-laptop-add-ideapad-v310-15isk-t.patch
bugfix/x86/platform-x86-ideapad-laptop-add-y520-15ikbn-to-no_hw.patch
bugfix/x86/platform-x86-ideapad-laptop-add-y720-15ikbn-to-no_hw.patch
bugfix/x86/platform-x86-ideapad-laptop-add-ideapad-v510-15ikb-t.patch
bugfix/x86/platform-x86-ideapad-laptop-add-several-models-to-no.patch
bugfix/powerpc/powerpc-invalidate-erat-on-powersave-wakeup-for-power9.patch
bugfix/arm/arm-dts-exynos-add-dwc3-susphy-quirk.patch
bugfix/mips/mips-remove-pt_regs-adjustments-in-indirect-syscall-.patch

# Arch features
features/mips/MIPS-increase-MAX-PHYSMEM-BITS-on-Loongson-3-only.patch
features/mips/MIPS-Loongson-3-Add-Loongson-LS3A-RS780E-1-way-machi.patch
features/x86/x86-memtest-WARN-if-bad-RAM-found.patch
features/x86/x86-make-x32-syscall-support-conditional.patch
features/arm/arm-dts-add-support-for-turris-omnia.patch
features/arm/arm-dts-turris-omnia-add-support-for-ethernet-switch.patch
features/arm/ARM-dts-orion5x-convert-ls-chl-to-FDT.patch
features/arm64/dts-meson-gx-add-firmware-reserved-memory-zone.patch
features/arm/ARM-dts-orion5x-lschl-Fix-model-name.patch
features/arm/ARM-dts-orion5x-lschl-More-consistent-naming-on-link.patch
features/arm/ARM-orion5x-fix-Makefile-for-linkstation-lschl.dtb.patch
features/arm/dt-bindings-gpu-add-bindings-for-the-arm-mali-midgar.patch
features/arm/arm-dts-rockchip-add-arm-mali-gpu-node-for-rk3288.patch
features/arm/arm-dts-rockchip-enable-arm-mali-gpu-on-rk3288-rock2.patch
features/arm/arm-dts-rockchip-enable-arm-mali-gpu-on-rk3288-firef.patch
features/arm/arm-dts-rockchip-enable-arm-mali-gpu-on-rk3288-veyro.patch
features/mips/mips-loongson-add-loongson-3a-r3-basic-support.patch
features/mips/mips-loongson-add-nmi-handler-support.patch
features/mips/mips-loongson-3-support-4-packages-in-cpu-hwmon-driv.patch
features/mips/mips-loongson-3-irq-balancing-for-pci-devices.patch
features/mips/mips-loongson-3-support-irq_set_affinity-in-i8259-ch.patch
features/mips/mips-loogson-make-enum-loongson_cpu_type-more-clear.patch

# Miscellaneous bug fixes
bugfix/all/kbuild-use-nostdinc-in-compile-tests.patch
bugfix/all/disable-some-marvell-phys.patch
bugfix/all/fs-add-module_softdep-declarations-for-hard-coded-cr.patch
bugfix/all/kbuild-do-not-use-hyphen-in-exported-variable-name.patch
bugfix/all/partially-revert-usb-kconfig-using-select-for-usb_co.patch
bugfix/all/kbuild-include-addtree-remove-quotes-before-matching-path.patch
bugfix/all/mm-mmap.c-expand_downwards-don-t-require-the-gap-if-.patch
bugfix/x86/mmap-remember-the-map_fixed-flag-as-vm_fixed.patch
bugfix/x86/mmap-add-an-exception-to-the-stack-gap-for-hotspot-jvm.patch
bugfix/all/xen-time-do-not-decrease-steal-time-after-live-migra.patch
bugfix/all/nfsd-increase-DRC-cache-limit.patch
bugfix/all/netfilter-xt_hashlimit-fix-integer-divide-round-to-z.patch
bugfix/all/efi-libstub-unify-command-line-param-parsing.patch
bugfix/all/Revert-block-loop-Use-global-lock-for-ioctl-operatio.patch

# Miscellaneous features
features/all/netfilter-nft_ct-add-notrack-support.patch
features/all/ast/drm-ast-const-ify-mode-setting-tables.patch
features/all/ast/drm-ast-remove-spurious-include.patch
features/all/ast/drm-ast-fix-calculation-of-mclk.patch
features/all/ast/drm-ast-base-support-for-ast2500.patch
features/all/ast/drm-ast-fixed-vram-size-incorrect-issue-on-power.patch
features/all/ast/drm-ast-factor-mmc_test-code-in-post-code.patch
features/all/ast/drm-ast-rename-ast_init_dram_2300-to-ast_post_chip_2.patch
features/all/ast/drm-ast-post-code-for-the-new-ast2500.patch

# Securelevel patchset from mjg59
features/all/securelevel/add-bsd-style-securelevel-support.patch
features/all/securelevel/enforce-module-signatures-when-securelevel-is-greate.patch
features/all/securelevel/pci-lock-down-bar-access-when-securelevel-is-enabled.patch
features/all/securelevel/x86-lock-down-io-port-access-when-securelevel-is-ena.patch
features/all/securelevel/restrict-dev-mem-and-dev-kmem-when-securelevel-is-se.patch
features/all/securelevel/acpi-limit-access-to-custom_method-if-securelevel-is.patch
features/all/securelevel/acpi-ignore-acpi_rsdp-kernel-parameter-when-securele.patch
features/all/securelevel/kexec-disable-at-runtime-if-securelevel-has-been-set.patch
features/all/securelevel/uswsusp-disable-when-securelevel-is-set.patch
features/all/securelevel/x86-restrict-msr-access-when-securelevel-is-set.patch
features/all/securelevel/asus-wmi-restrict-debugfs-interface-when-securelevel.patch
features/all/securelevel/add-option-to-automatically-set-securelevel-when-in-.patch
features/all/securelevel/efi-disable-secure-boot-if-shim-is-in-insecure-mode.patch
features/all/securelevel/hibernate-disable-when-securelevel-is-set.patch
features/all/securelevel/kexec-uefi-copy-secure_boot-flag-in-boot-params-acro.patch
features/all/securelevel/acpi-disable-acpi-table-override-if-securelevel-is-s.patch
features/all/securelevel/acpi-disable-apei-error-injection-if-securelevel-is-.patch
features/all/securelevel/enable-cold-boot-attack-mitigation.patch
features/all/securelevel/mtd-disable-slram-and-phram-when-securelevel-is-enabled.patch
# same for arm64
features/all/securelevel/arm64-efi-disable-secure-boot-if-shim-is-in-insecure.patch
features/all/securelevel/arm64-add-kernel-config-option-to-set-securelevel-wh.patch

# Qualcomm Centriq backports #1: emac network driver
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0001-net-qcom-emac-move-phy-init-code-to-separate-files.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0002-net-qcom-emac-add-support-for-the-Qualcomm-Technolog.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0003-net-qcom-emac-don-t-try-to-claim-clocks-on-ACPI-syst.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0004-net-qcom-emac-add-ethtool-support.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0005-net-qcom-emac-grab-a-reference-to-the-phydev-on-ACPI.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0006-net-qcom-emac-rename-emac_phy-to-emac_sgmii-and-move.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0007-net-qcom-emac-claim-the-irq-only-when-the-device-is-.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0008-net-qcom-emac-display-the-phy-driver-info-after-we-c.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0009-net-qcom-emac-always-use-autonegotiation-to-configur.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0010-net-qcom-emac-do-not-call-emac_mac_start-twice.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0011-net-qcom-emac-remove-extraneous-wake-on-lan-code.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0012-net-qcom-emac-add-an-error-interrupt-handler-for-the.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0013-drivers-net-generalize-napi_complete_done.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0014-net-qcom-emac-add-ethool-support-for-setting-pause-p.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0015-net-qcom-emac-fix-semicolon.cocci-warnings.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0016-net-qcom-emac-add-ethtool-support-for-reading-hardwa.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0017-net-qcom-emac-add-ethtool-support-for-setting-ring-p.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0018-net-qcom-emac-fix-a-sizeof-typo.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0019-net-qcom-emac-optimize-QDF2400-SGMII-RX-TX-impedence.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0020-drivers-add-explicit-interrupt.h-includes.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0021-net-qcom-emac-do-not-use-hardware-mdio-automatic-pol.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0022-net-qcom-emac-add-shutdown-function.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0023-net-qcom-emac-do-not-reset-the-EMAC-during-initializ.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0024-net-qcom-emac-add-support-for-emulation-systems.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0025-net-qcom-emac-fix-double-free-of-SGMII-IRQ-during-sh.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0026-net-qcom-emac-add-software-control-for-pause-frame-m.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0027-net-qcom-emac-specify-the-correct-DMA-mask.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0028-net-qcom-emac-clean-up-some-TX-RX-error-messages.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0029-net-qcom-emac-Change-the-order-of-mac-up-and-sgmii-o.patch
features/all/qualcomm-emac/0030-net-qcom-emac-extend-DMA-mask-to-46bits.patch

# Qualcomm Centriq backports #2: fix for erratum E1041
bugfix/arm64/Add-software-workaround-for-Falkor-erratum-1041.patch

# Security fixes
debian/i386-686-pae-pci-set-pci-nobios-by-default.patch
debian/time-mark-timer_stats-as-broken.patch
# Deferred due to userland regressions (#897599)
#bugfix/all/random-fix-crng_ready-test.patch
bugfix/all/xfs-set-format-back-to-extents-if-xfs_bmap_extents_t.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-mce-save-microcode-revision-in-machine-check-records.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-cpufeatures-hide-amd-specific-speculation-flags.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-bugs-add-amd-s-variant-of-ssb_no.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-bugs-add-amd-s-spec_ctrl-msr-usage.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-bugs-switch-the-selection-of-mitigation-from-cpu-vendor-to-cpu.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-bugs-fix-the-amd-ssbd-usage-of-the-spec_ctrl-msr.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-microcode-intel-add-a-helper-which-gives-the-microcode-revision.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-microcode-intel-check-microcode-revision-before-updating-sibling.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-microcode-make-sure-boot_cpu_data.microcode-is-up-to-date.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-microcode-update-the-new-microcode-revision-unconditionally.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-mm-use-write_once-when-setting-ptes.patch
bugfix/all/spec/bitops-avoid-integer-overflow-in-genmask-_ull.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-simplify-the-cpu-bug-detection-logic.patch
bugfix/all/spec/locking-atomics-asm-generic-move-some-macros-from-linux-bitops.h.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-remove-spectre_v2_ibrs-in-enum-spectre_v2_mitigation.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-cpu-sanitize-fam6_atom-naming.patch
bugfix/all/spec/documentation-l1tf-fix-small-spelling-typo.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-apply-ibpb-more-strictly-to-avoid-cross-process-data.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-enable-cross-hyperthread-spectre-v2-stibp-mitigation.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-propagate-information-about-rsb-filling-mitigation.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-l1tf-drop-the-swap-storage-limit-restriction-when.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-update-the-tif_ssbd-comment.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-clean-up-spectre_v2_parse_cmdline.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-remove-unnecessary-ret-variable-in-cpu_show_common.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-move-stipb-ibpb-string-conditionals-out-of.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-disable-stibp-when-enhanced-ibrs-is-in-use.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-rename-ssbd-update-functions.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-reorganize-speculation-control-msrs-update.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-kconfig-select-sched_smt-if-smp-enabled.patch
bugfix/all/spec/sched-add-sched_smt_active.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-rework-smt-state-change.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-l1tf-show-actual-smt-state.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-reorder-the-spec_v2-code.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-mark-string-arrays-const-correctly.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculataion-mark-command-line-parser-data-__initdata.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-unify-conditional-spectre-v2-print-functions.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-add-command-line-control-for-indirect-branch.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-prepare-for-per-task-indirect-branch-speculation.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-process-consolidate-and-simplify-switch_to_xtra-code.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-avoid-__switch_to_xtra-calls.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-prepare-for-conditional-ibpb-in-switch_mm.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-split-out-tif-update.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-prepare-arch_smt_update-for-prctl-mode.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-prevent-stale-spec_ctrl-msr-content.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-add-prctl-control-for-indirect-branch-speculation.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-enable-prctl-mode-for-spectre_v2_user.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-add-seccomp-spectre-v2-user-space-protection-mode.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-provide-ibpb-always-command-line-options.patch
bugfix/all/spec/kvm-x86-report-stibp-on-get_supported_cpuid.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-msr-index-cleanup-bit-defines.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-consolidate-cpu-whitelists.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-mds-add-basic-bug-infrastructure-for-mds.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-mds-add-bug_msbds_only.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-kvm-expose-x86_feature_md_clear-to-guests.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-mds-add-mds_clear_cpu_buffers.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-mds-clear-cpu-buffers-on-exit-to-user.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-kvm-vmx-add-mds-protection-when-l1d-flush-is-not-active.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-mds-conditionally-clear-cpu-buffers-on-idle-entry.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-mds-add-mitigation-control-for-mds.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-mds-add-sysfs-reporting-for-mds.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-mds-add-mitigation-mode-vmwerv.patch
bugfix/all/spec/documentation-move-l1tf-to-separate-directory.patch
bugfix/all/spec/documentation-add-mds-vulnerability-documentation.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-mds-add-mds-full-nosmt-cmdline-option.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-move-arch_smt_update-call-to-after-mitigation.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-mds-add-smt-warning-message.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-mds-fix-comment.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-mds-print-smt-vulnerable-on-msbds-with-mitigations.patch
bugfix/all/spec/cpu-speculation-add-mitigations-cmdline-option.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-support-mitigations-cmdline-option.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-mds-add-mitigations-support-for-mds.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-mds-add-mdsum-variant-to-the-mds-documentation.patch
bugfix/all/spec/documentation-correct-the-possible-mds-sysfs-values.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-speculation-mds-fix-documentation-typo.patch
bugfix/all/spec/x86-cpu-bugs-use-__initconst-for-const-init-data.patch
# avoid user-space build regression
debian/x86-msr-index-remove-dependency-on-linux-bits.h.patch
bugfix/all/tcp-limit-payload-size-of-sacked-skbs.patch
bugfix/all/tcp-tcp_fragment-should-apply-sane-memory-limits.patch
bugfix/all/tcp-add-tcp_min_snd_mss-sysctl.patch
bugfix/all/tcp-enforce-tcp_min_snd_mss-in-tcp_mtu_probing.patch
bugfix/all/tcp-fix-fack_count-accounting-on-tcp_shift_skb_data.patch
bugfix/all/mm-mincore.c-make-mincore-more-conservative.patch
bugfix/all/brcmfmac-add-length-checks-in-scheduled-scan-result-.patch
bugfix/all/brcmfmac-assure-ssid-length-from-firmware-is-limited.patch
bugfix/all/brcmfmac-add-subtype-check-for-event-handling-in-dat.patch
bugfix/all/tty-mark-siemens-r3964-line-discipline-as-broken.patch
bugfix/all/coredump-fix-race-condition-between-mmget_not_zero-get_task_mm-and-core-dumping.patch
bugfix/all/net-rds-force-to-destroy-connection-if-t_sock-is-nul.patch
bugfix/all/ext4-zero-out-the-unused-memory-region-in-the-extent.patch
bugfix/all/bluetooth-hidp-fix-buffer-overflow.patch
bugfix/all/mwifiex-fix-possible-buffer-overflows-at-parsing-bss.patch
bugfix/all/mwifiex-abort-at-too-short-bss-descriptor-element.patch
bugfix/all/mwifiex-don-t-abort-on-small-spec-compliant-vendor-ies.patch
bugfix/all/mwifiex-fix-heap-overflow-in-mwifiex_uap_parse_tail_.patch
bugfix/all/ptrace-Fix-ptracer_cred-handling-for-PTRACE_TRACEME.patch
bugfix/x86/x86-cpufeatures-sort-feature-word-7.patch
bugfix/x86/x86-speculation-prepare-entry-code-for-spectre-v1-sw.patch
bugfix/x86/x86-speculation-enable-spectre-v1-swapgs-mitigations.patch
bugfix/x86/x86-entry-64-use-jmp-instead-of-jmpq.patch
bugfix/x86/x86-speculation-swapgs-exclude-atoms-from-speculatio.patch
bugfix/all/xen-pciback-don-t-disable-pci_command-on-pci-device-.patch
bugfix/all/ipv6-check-sk-sk_type-and-protocol-early-in-ip_mrout.patch
bugfix/all/percpu-stop-printing-kernel-addresses.patch
bugfix/all/scsi-libsas-fix-a-race-condition-when-smp-task-timeo.patch
bugfix/all/block-blk_init_allocated_queue-set-q-fq-as-null-in-t.patch
bugfix/all/vfio-type1-limit-dma-mappings-per-container.patch
bugfix/all/bluetooth-hci_uart-check-for-missing-tty-operations.patch
features/all/siphash-add-cryptographically-secure-prf.patch
bugfix/all/inet-switch-ip-id-generator-to-siphash.patch
bugfix/all/input-gtco-bounds-check-collection-indent-level.patch
bugfix/powerpc/powerpc-tm-fix-oops-on-sigreturn-on-systems-without-.patch
bugfix/all/floppy-fix-div-by-zero-in-setup_format_params.patch
bugfix/all/floppy-fix-out-of-bounds-read-in-next_valid_format.patch
bugfix/all/floppy-fix-invalid-pointer-dereference-in-drive_name.patch
bugfix/all/floppy-fix-out-of-bounds-read-in-copy_buffer.patch
bugfix/all/vhost-net-set-packet-weight-of-tx-polling-to-2-vq-si.patch
bugfix/all/vhost_net-use-packet-weight-for-rx-handler-too.patch
bugfix/all/vhost_net-introduce-vhost_exceeds_weight.patch
bugfix/all/vhost-introduce-vhost_exceeds_weight.patch
bugfix/all/vhost_net-fix-possible-infinite-loop.patch
bugfix/all/vhost-scsi-add-weight-support.patch
bugfix/all/netfilter-ctnetlink-don-t-use-conntrack-expect-objec.patch
bugfix/all/xen-let-alloc_xenballooned_pages-fail-if-not-enough-.patch
bugfix/all/tcp-clear-sk_send_head-after-purging-the-write-queue.patch

# Fix exported symbol versions
bugfix/ia64/revert-ia64-move-exports-to-definitions.patch
bugfix/sparc/revert-sparc-move-exports-to-definitions.patch
bugfix/m68k/revert-m68k-move-exports-to-definitions.patch
bugfix/alpha/revert-alpha-move-exports-to-actual-definitions.patch
bugfix/powerpc/powerpc-remove-mac-on-linux-hooks.patch
bugfix/powerpc/powerpc-fix-missing-crcs-add-yet-more-asm-prototypes.patch
bugfix/all/module-disable-matching-missing-version-crc.patch

# Tools bug fixes
bugfix/all/usbip-document-tcp-wrappers.patch
bugfix/all/kbuild-fix-recordmcount-dependency.patch
bugfix/all/tools-perf-man-date.patch
bugfix/all/lockdep-fix-oot-build.patch
bugfix/all/lockdep-fix-soname.patch
bugfix/all/tools-perf-remove-shebangs.patch
bugfix/all/tools-lib-traceevent-use-ldflags.patch
bugfix/all/tools-lib-lockdep-use-ldflags.patch
bugfix/x86/tools-hv-fix-fortify-format-warning.patch
bugfix/x86/revert-perf-build-fix-libunwind-feature-detection-on.patch
bugfix/all/tools-build-remove-bpf-run-time-check-at-build-time.patch
bugfix/all/tools-lib-traceevent-fix-use-of-uninitialized-variables.patch
bugfix/all/cpupower-bump-soname-version.patch
bugfix/all/libcpupower-hide-private-function.patch
bugfix/all/liblockdep-fix-undefined-symbol-prandom_u32.patch
bugfix/all/liblockdep-define-the-array_size-macro.patch
bugfix/all/liblockdep-enable-wall-by-default.patch
bugfix/all/liblockdep-fix-unused-value-warnings.patch
bugfix/all/liblockdep-fix-set-but-not-used-warnings.patch
bugfix/all/liblockdep-fix-defined-but-not-used-warning-for-init.patch

# Workaround for #897599
debian/random-make-getrandom-ready-earlier.patch

features/all/megaraid/0001-scsi-megaraid_sas-Send-correct-PhysArm-to-FW-for-R1-.patch
features/all/megaraid/0002-scsi-megaraid_sas-Do-not-fire-DCMDs-during-PCI-shutd.patch
features/all/megaraid/0003-scsi-megaraid_sas-Send-SYNCHRONIZE_CACHE-for-VD-to-f.patch
features/all/megaraid/0004-scsi-megaraid_sas-driver-version-upgrade.patch
features/all/megaraid/0005-scsi-megaraid-sas-request-irqs-later.patch
features/all/megaraid/0006-scsi-megaraid_sas-switch-to-pci_alloc_irq_vectors.patch
features/all/megaraid/0007-scsi-megaraid_sas-Add-new-pci-device-Ids-for-SAS3.5-.patch
features/all/megaraid/0008-scsi-megaraid_sas-128-MSIX-Support.patch
features/all/megaraid/0009-scsi-megaraid_sas-EEDP-Escape-Mode-Support-for-SAS3..patch
features/all/megaraid/0010-scsi-megaraid_sas-SAS3.5-Generic-Megaraid-Controller.patch
features/all/megaraid/0011-scsi-megaraid_sas-SAS3.5-Generic-Megaraid-Controller.patch
features/all/megaraid/0012-scsi-megaraid_sas-Dynamic-Raid-Map-Changes-for-SAS3..patch
features/all/megaraid/0013-scsi-megaraid_sas-Add-the-Support-for-SAS3.5-Generic.patch
features/all/megaraid/0014-scsi-megaraid_sas-Enable-or-Disable-Fast-path-based-.patch
features/all/megaraid/0015-scsi-megaraid_sas-ldio_outstanding-variable-is-not-d.patch
features/all/megaraid/0016-scsi-megaraid_sas-Implement-the-PD-Map-support-for-S.patch
features/all/megaraid/0017-scsi-megaraid_sas-driver-version-upgrade.patch
features/all/megaraid/0018-Revert-scsi-megaraid_sas-Enable-or-Disable-Fast-path.patch

# drivers/net/ethernet/amazon/ena backport version 1.5
features/all/ena/0001-net-ena-use-setup_timer-and-mod_timer.patch
features/all/ena/0002-net-ena-remove-ntuple-filter-support-from-device-fea.patch
features/all/ena/0003-net-ena-fix-queues-number-calculation.patch
features/all/ena/0004-net-ena-fix-ethtool-RSS-flow-configuration.patch
features/all/ena/0005-net-ena-fix-RSS-default-hash-configuration.patch
features/all/ena/0006-net-ena-fix-NULL-dereference-when-removing-the-drive.patch
features/all/ena/0007-net-ena-refactor-ena_get_stats64-to-be-atomic-contex.patch
features/all/ena/0008-net-ena-fix-potential-access-to-freed-memory-during-.patch
features/all/ena/0009-net-ena-use-napi_complete_done-return-value.patch
features/all/ena/0010-net-ena-use-READ_ONCE-to-access-completion-descripto.patch
features/all/ena/0011-net-ena-reduce-the-severity-of-ena-printouts.patch
features/all/ena/0012-net-ena-change-condition-for-host-attribute-configur.patch
features/all/ena/0013-net-ena-update-driver-version-to-1.1.2.patch
features/all/ena/0014-net-ena-remove-superfluous-check-in-ena_remove.patch
features/all/ena/0015-net-ena-switch-to-pci_alloc_irq_vectors.patch
features/all/ena/0016-net-ena-fix-bug-that-might-cause-hang-after-consecut.patch
features/all/ena/0017-net-ena-fix-theoretical-Rx-hang-on-low-memory-system.patch
features/all/ena/0018-net-ena-bug-fix-in-lost-tx-packets-detection-mechani.patch
features/all/ena/0019-net-ena-update-ena-driver-to-version-1.1.7.patch
features/all/ena/0020-net-ena-change-return-value-for-unsupported-features.patch
features/all/ena/0021-net-ena-add-hardware-hints-capability-to-the-driver.patch
features/all/ena/0022-net-ena-change-sizeof-argument-to-be-the-type-pointe.patch
features/all/ena/0023-net-ena-add-reset-reason-for-each-device-FLR.patch
features/all/ena/0024-net-ena-add-support-for-out-of-order-rx-buffers-refi.patch
features/all/ena/0025-net-ena-allow-the-driver-to-work-with-small-number-o.patch
features/all/ena/0026-net-ena-use-napi_schedule_irqoff-when-possible.patch
features/all/ena/0027-net-ena-separate-skb-allocation-to-dedicated-functio.patch
features/all/ena/0028-net-ena-use-lower_32_bits-upper_32_bits-to-split-dma.patch
features/all/ena/0029-net-ena-update-driver-s-rx-drop-statistics.patch
features/all/ena/0030-net-ena-update-ena-driver-to-version-1.2.0.patch
features/all/ena/0031-net-ena-Remove-redundant-unlikely.patch
features/all/ena/0032-net-ena-reduce-the-severity-of-some-printouts.patch
features/all/ena/0033-net-ena-fix-rare-kernel-crash-when-bar-memory-remap-.patch
features/all/ena/0034-net-ena-fix-wrong-max-Tx-Rx-queues-on-ethtool.patch
features/all/ena/0035-net-ena-improve-ENA-driver-boot-time.patch
features/all/ena/0036-net-ena-remove-legacy-suspend-suspend-resume-support.patch
features/all/ena/0037-net-ena-add-power-management-ops-to-the-ENA-driver.patch
features/all/ena/0038-net-ena-add-statistics-for-missed-tx-packets.patch
features/all/ena/0039-net-ena-add-new-admin-define-for-future-support-of-I.patch
features/all/ena/0040-net-ena-increase-ena-driver-version-to-1.3.0.patch
features/all/ena/0041-net-ena-fix-race-condition-between-device-reset-and-.patch
features/all/ena/0042-net-ena-add-detection-and-recovery-mechanism-for-han.patch
features/all/ena/0043-net-ena-increase-ena-driver-version-to-1.5.0.patch

features/all/ena/0044-net-ena-unmask-MSI-X-only-after-device-initializatio.patch
features/all/ena/0045-net-ena-fix-error-handling-in-ena_down-sequence.patch
features/all/ena/0046-net-ena-Eliminate-duplicate-barriers-on-weakly-order.patch
features/all/ena/0047-net-ena-fix-surprise-unplug-NULL-dereference-kernel-.patch
features/all/ena/0048-net-ena-fix-device-destruction-to-gracefully-free-re.patch
features/all/ena/0049-net-ena-fix-potential-double-ena_destroy_device.patch
features/all/ena/0050-net-ena-fix-missing-lock-during-device-destruction.patch
features/all/ena/0051-net-ena-fix-missing-calls-to-READ_ONCE.patch
features/all/ena/0052-net-ena-fix-incorrect-usage-of-memory-barriers.patch
features/all/ena/0053-net-ena-remove-ndo_poll_controller.patch
features/all/ena/0054-net-ena-fix-warning-in-rmmod-caused-by-double-iounma.patch
features/all/ena/0055-net-ena-fix-rare-bug-when-failed-restart-resume-is-f.patch
features/all/ena/0056-net-ena-fix-auto-casting-to-boolean.patch

features/all/ena/0057-net-ena-minor-performance-improvement.patch
features/all/ena/0058-net-ena-complete-host-info-to-match-latest-ENA-spec.patch
features/all/ena/0059-net-ena-introduce-Low-Latency-Queues-data-structures.patch
features/all/ena/0060-net-ena-add-functions-for-handling-Low-Latency-Queue.patch
features/all/ena/0061-net-ena-add-functions-for-handling-Low-Latency-Queue.patch
features/all/ena/0062-net-ena-use-CSUM_CHECKED-device-indication-to-report.patch
features/all/ena/0063-net-ena-explicit-casting-and-initialization-and-clea.patch
features/all/ena/0064-net-ena-limit-refill-Rx-threshold-to-256-to-avoid-la.patch
features/all/ena/0065-net-ena-change-rx-copybreak-default-to-reduce-kernel.patch
features/all/ena/0066-net-ena-remove-redundant-parameter-in-ena_com_admin_.patch
features/all/ena/0067-net-ena-update-driver-version-to-2.0.1.patch
features/all/ena/0068-net-ena-fix-indentations-in-ena_defs-for-better-read.patch
features/all/ena/0069-net-ena-Fix-Kconfig-dependency-on-X86.patch
features/all/ena/0070-net-ena-enable-Low-Latency-Queues.patch
features/all/ena/0071-net-ena-fix-compilation-error-in-xtensa-architecture.patch
features/all/ena/0072-net-ena-fix-crash-during-failed-resume-from-hibernat.patch
features/all/ena/0073-net-ena-fix-crash-during-ena_remove.patch
features/all/ena/0074-net-ena-update-driver-version-from-2.0.1-to-2.0.2.patch

features/all/ena/0075-net-ena-support-linux-4.9-napi_complete_done-api.patch

# ABI maintenance
debian/abi/revert-genirq-avoid-summation-loops-for-proc-stat.patch
debian/abi/tracing-ring_buffer-avoid-abi-change-in-4.9.168.patch
debian/abi/net-icmp-avoid-abi-change-in-4.9.163.patch
debian/abi/revert-phonet-fix-building-with-clang.patch
debian/abi/tcp-avoid-abi-change-for-dos-fixes.patch
debian/abi/inet-avoid-abi-change-for-ip-id-hash-change.patch

# Gooroom
gooroom/gooroom-ima_appraise.patch
gooroom/gooroom-backports-4.18.6-driver-wacom.patch
